Let `@TempDir` fail fast if `createTempDirectory` does not return a directory (#3901)
junit-team/junit5: documentation/src/docs/asciidoc/release-notes/release-notes-5.11.0-RC1.adoc

  `assertInstanceOf` methods introduced in `5.8` version.
* New generators in `DynamicTest` that take a `Stream`/`Iterator` of `Named<Executable>`
  along with a convenient `NamedExecutable` interface that can simplify writing dynamic

>   tests, in particular in recent versions of Java that support records.

Reviewer: Thanks for fixing my typo! :+1:

Author: Oh, thanks for catching the release notes gap!

> * `@TempDir` now fails fast when `TempDirFactory::createTempDirectory` returns `null`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `@TempDir` now fails fast in case `TempDirFactory::createTempDirectory` returns
  `null`, a file, or a symbolic link to a file.
```
